[[Category: Covers]]
<pre>
From: BB  (edgar@coos.dartmouth.edu)
From: "Benjamin M. Brainard" Benjamin.M.Brainard@dartmouth.edu
(Song by Neil Diamond)
O.k., so I went out and found _Neil Diamond's 12 Greatest Hits_. Not a
bad album, by a long stretch, but it leads me to a question for all the
guitarists out there.  What do you think the chords are?  From listening
to the recording, I've determined that it's based around the  I-IV-V
progression, and it starts on D.  something like (using the words from
the lyric file):
D
Cracklin Rosie get on board,
D                                                                   G
We're gonna ride 'til there ain't no more to go.
G
Takin it slow.  Lord don't you know,
Em                      A                 D  <--what goes on this line?
Happily a time when the poor man's let be...
repeat
D     G             D                  G      A       D
Oh, I love my Rosie child, you got the way to make me happy.
D       G      A     D
You and me, we go in style.
Em
Cracklin' Rose, you're a store-bought woman,
Em
You make me sing like a guitar hummin.
Em                                          A
Hang on to me, girl, our song keeps runnin' on.
--we all know the chords here....;-)--
Play it now, Play it now, Play it now my lady!
then it just keeps going, and the key change after the second
"Play it now!" just raises everything a half-step.
thanks, and to anyone who hasn't heard the original version,
go to your library and check out the album!!!!


Complete Lyrics:


Yea, Cracklin' Rosie, get on board.
We're gonna ride 'til there ain't no more to go.
Takin' it slow,
Lord don't you know,
Happily a time when the poor man's let be

Hitchin' on a twilight train,
Ain't nothin' here that I care to take along,
Maybe a song,
To sing when I watch,
Don't mean to say please, said old man, I'm happy too.

Oh, I love my Rosie child, you got the way to make me happy.
You and me, we go in style.
Cracklin' Rose, you're a store-bought woman,
You make me sing like a guitar hummin.
Hang on to me, girl, our song keeps runnin' on.
Play it now, Play it now, Play it now my lady!

Cracklin Rosie, make me smile.
God it'll last for an hour, well that's alright,
We got all night,
To set the world right.
Find us a dream and don't ask no questions Yea!
</pre>