[[Category: Covers]]

by Snoopy Doggy Dog
Covered by "The Gourds"
Tabbed out by Emil

'''Phish never actually played this song.'''  Somewhere along the line, some
jerk decided to mislabel the MP3 he got and it got passed around like
that.  [http://www.phish.net Phish.net] has [http://www.phish.net/faq/ginandjuice.html a page dedicated to the mishap].

They say (and I quote):
<blockquote>
This song is not by the Vermont band Phish. It was originally done by
Dr. Dre, Snoop, and a NYC hip-hop artist named Phish, and has been
covered by a bluegrass band from Texas called the Gourds. The latter
circulates on MP3, and is sometimes incorrectly labelled as by Phish. It
ain't. The hip-hop artist Phish is also featured on backup vocals for
Dre's "What's the Difference" (track 7 on Dr. Dre - 2001 - as remarkably
unoriginal as Phish).

Thanks to Roberlyn@aol.com, Mark Carroll (aplsauce8@hotmail.com), and
Alex Esselstein (abe@abetss.com).
</blockquote>


But I've gotten tired of telling people this.  And it's such a basic
song to play that I figured I'd kill two birds with one stone by just
writing this simplistic version out.
<pre>
I don't even know what key it's in, but it's a I- IV progression looped for the entire
duration of the song.

Examples of how to play I-IV progressions in various keys


  A - D       D - G
E--5---5----------------------
B--5---7-------7---8----------
G--6---7-------7---7----------
D--7---7-------7---9----------
A--7---5-------9---10---------
E--5--------------------------

So at this point, you need to do a little work and move one of those
progressions up and down the neck of your guitar and figure out where it
fits (aka "What key it's in").

Oh yeah, here are the words:

With so much drama in the L-B-C
It's kinda hard bein Snoop D-O-double-G
But I, somehow, some way
Keep comin up with funky ass shit like every single day
May I, kick a little something for the G's (yeah)
and, make a few ends as (yeah!) I breeze, through
Two in the mornin and the party's still jumpin
cause my momma ain't home
I got bitches in the living room gettin it on
and, they ain't leavin til six in the mornin (six in the mornin)
So what you wanna do, sheeeit
I got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
So turn off the lights and close the doors
But (but what) we don't love them hoes, yeah!
So we gonna smoke a ounce to this
G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this

Chorus: repeat 2X

Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

Verse Two:

Now, that, I got me some Seagram's gin
Everybody got they cups, but they ain't chipped in
Now this types of shit, happens all the time
You got to get yours before I gotta get mine
Everything is fine when you listenin to the D-O-G
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he
who listens, to the words that I speak
As I take me a drink to the middle of the street
and get to mackin to this bitch named Sadie (Sadie?)
She used to be the homeboy's lady (Oh, that bitch)
Eighty degrees, when I tell that bitch please
Raise up off these N-U-T's, cause you gets none of these
At ease, as I mob with the Dogg Pound, feel the breeze
beeeitch, I'm just

Chorus

Verse Three:

Later on that day
My homey Dr. Dre came through with a gang of Tanqueray
And a fat ass J, of some bubonic chronic that made me choke
Shit, this ain't no joke
I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
Tanqueray and chronic, yeah I'm fucked up now
But it ain't no stoppin, I'm still poppin
Dre got some bitches from the city of Compton
To serve me, not with a cherry on top
Cause when I bust my nut, I'm raisin up off the cot
Don't get upset girl, that's just how it goes
I don't love you hoes, I'm out the do'
And I'll be

Chorus

Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

</pre>